#summary Online help of project gitoolbox.
#labels Featured
#sidebar UserGuideBar
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Getting Start =
As the expanding use of grammatical inference, we provide this open source site for those who are interested at GI algorithms.
We've implemented some algorithms both in Matlab and Octave. In order to use the source we provide, you need at least a legal copy of Matlab. If you don't know what is Matlab, please refer [http://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab/ here] to get more information about it. Or you can also download [http://www.gnu.org/software/octave/ Octave] which is an open source project of scientific computing. Note that only Octave versioned above 3.2 works with our project.
= How To =
 # Download source code from home page of our project.
 # Extract downloaded package and place it anywhere you want.
 # Run Matlab/Octave and switch to the root directory of the source.
 # call functions in command line or in your own code.
 # For details of functions, please turn to our [Manpage online help] of Function APIs .
= Change List =
 * *July.13.2010*
  * Currently we published the beta version 1.1 both for Matlab and Octave
= Reference =
 * Akram, Hasan Ibne, Colin de la Higuera, Huang Xiao, and Claudia Eckert. *Grammatical Inference Algorithms in MATLAB*. In ICGI 2010: Proceedings of the 10th International Colloquium on Grammatical Inference, Valencia, Spain, 2010. Springer-Verlag. 
 * de la Higuera, C.: *Grammatical Inference: Learning Automata and Grammars*. Cambridge University Press (2010)